How're things going?
It's half done
It's a pity that I didn't make that bitch Huang Xue angry to death
Otherwise
It doesn't matter if Li Yi and the royal family break up completely
Just wipe your butt clean
Huang Xue doesn't have that bitch
I keep it
Don't break it for me.
Don't worry.
That's right.
Hey, Brother Tiger
This is a reward for you.
Take it and paint
Let's fire him up now
The royal family and Li Yi colluded with each other
Li Yi fucks with men and women
Disrupt the business environment in Jiangcheng
heinous crime
Everyone gets it and stops
flame
You're a little too young to fight with me
Hey, Mr. Huang, little brother
I'm getting ready
Let Yan'er go to the hospital to kowtow to the head blood and admit his mistake?
You said it didn't cut you
Did such a shameless thing and kowtowed and admitted his mistake
Your Majesty, do you want Xiaoxue to die quickly?
He explained it after he left.
Why apologize for something you haven't done?
What does that mean?
What about Huang Yan? Ask him to come out and lend me.
He is in the house
I'm going to call him out now.
I'll go with you.
Yang Er
Yang Er, open the door
This is the first.
There you are.
If you have anything to say, let's come out and talk about it
What is there to say?
I'm sleepy and need to rest.
Huang Yan, you hide from me
Believe it or not, I killed your emperor